README.md, before:


![App Brewery Banner](Documentation/AppBreweryBanner.png)

#  Clima

## Our Goal

It’s time to take our app development skills to the next level. We’re going to introduce you to the wonderful world of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) to grab live data from the internet. If you’re dreaming of making that Twitter-powered stock trading app then you’re about add some serious tools to your toolbelt!


## What you will create

By the end of the module, you will have made a beautiful, dark-mode enabled weather app. You'll be able to check the weather for the current location based on the GPS data from the iPhone as well as by searching for a city manually. 

## What you will learn

* How to create a dark-mode enabled app.
* How to use vector images as image assets.
* Learn to use the UITextField to get user input. 
* Learn about the delegate pattern.
* Swift protocols and extensions. 
* Swift guard keyword. 
* Swift computed properties.
* Swift closures and completion handlers.
* Learn to use URLSession to network and make HTTP requests.
* Parse JSON with the native Encodable and Decodable protocols. 
* Learn to use Grand Central Dispatch to fetch the main thread.
* Learn to use Core Location to get the current location from the phone GPS. 

### Condition Codes
```
switch conditionID {
        case 200...232:
            return "cloud.bolt"
        case 300...321:
            return "cloud.drizzle"
        case 500...531:
            return "cloud.rain"
        case 600...622:
            return "cloud.snow"
        case 701...781:
            return "cloud.fog"
        case 800:
            return "sun.max"
        case 801...804:
            return "cloud.bolt"
        default:
            return "cloud"
        }
```

>This is a companion project to The App Brewery's Complete App Development Bootcamp, check out the full course at [www.appbrewery.co](https://www.appbrewery.co/)

![End Banner](Documentation/readme-end-banner.png)

Commit message:

Update read me with future roadmap thoughts

README.md, after:

# Clima+
## Roadmap
- [ ] Clicking on search will take to a different screen
- [ ] With search bar on the top, with it focused and keyboard opened
- [ ] Optional: May be we can suggest cities? After getting the location permission?
- [ ] When user starts typing, show the city results
- [ ] Debounce and Pagination if possible
- [ ] When user clicks on a search result, we set it as default and go back to show the weather of that
- [ ] Optional: See if the selected city can be persisted
- [ ] Optional: See if we can show when the data has been updated last
- [ ] Optional: Give a way for user to manually refresh the data
- [ ] Optional: Change the background/mode to light or dark based on the time of day of the selected city
- [ ] Replace the Search Icon with Settings Icon
	- [ ] Units - C or F toggle
	- [ ] Mode - light, dark, system or location dependant
- [ ] Favourites?
- [ ] Move away from Manager pattern
	- [ ] No idea what to use
- [ ] Better way to form a url instead of string interpolation
- [ ] Detect Network State Change

---

![App Brewery Banner](Documentation/AppBreweryBanner.png)

#  Clima

## Our Goal

It’s time to take our app development skills to the next level. We’re going to introduce you to the wonderful world of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) to grab live data from the internet. If you’re dreaming of making that Twitter-powered stock trading app then you’re about add some serious tools to your toolbelt!


## What you will create

By the end of the module, you will have made a beautiful, dark-mode enabled weather app. You'll be able to check the weather for the current location based on the GPS data from the iPhone as well as by searching for a city manually. 

## What you will learn

* How to create a dark-mode enabled app.
* How to use vector images as image assets.
* Learn to use the UITextField to get user input. 
* Learn about the delegate pattern.
* Swift protocols and extensions. 
* Swift guard keyword. 
* Swift computed properties.
* Swift closures and completion handlers.
* Learn to use URLSession to network and make HTTP requests.
* Parse JSON with the native Encodable and Decodable protocols. 
* Learn to use Grand Central Dispatch to fetch the main thread.
* Learn to use Core Location to get the current location from the phone GPS. 

### Condition Codes
```
switch conditionID {
        case 200...232:
            return "cloud.bolt"
        case 300...321:
            return "cloud.drizzle"
        case 500...531:
            return "cloud.rain"
        case 600...622:
            return "cloud.snow"
        case 701...781:
            return "cloud.fog"
        case 800:
            return "sun.max"
        case 801...804:
            return "cloud.bolt"
        default:
            return "cloud"
        }
```

>This is a companion project to The App Brewery's Complete App Development Bootcamp, check out the full course at [www.appbrewery.co](https://www.appbrewery.co/)

![End Banner](Documentation/readme-end-banner.png)
